A la izquierda vemos...
A la derecha vemos el...
...los Decapitadores.
Todo es seguro. Totalmente seguro.
¿Emo?
¡Cuidado!
¿Estás herido?
No lo creo. ¿Y tú?
No me estoy perdiendo nada.
¡Levántate! Emo, aquí es peligroso.
¡Continuar!
¿Y ahora qué?
Ya verás.
Emo, así.
¡Sígueme!
dieciséis
¡Más rápido, emo!
¡No estás prestando atención!
Solo quería... ...responder el teléfono.
Mira emo, quiero decir escucha.
Debes aprender a escuchar.
You're not paying attention!
Solo queria mirar tiktok
Emo, mira. Te lo repito porque eres un cortito
Esto no se lo va ver ni dios.
No es el juego del calamar
Vamo a morir.
Escucha chucho.
Listen to your breathing.
(Buzzing wires)
(se caga de la risa)
(musica china)
Well, don't you ever get tired of this?
Tired?!?
memo, the machine is like clockwork.
One move out of place...
...and you're ground to a pulp.
But isn't it -
Pulp, Emo! Is that what you want, pulp?
Emo, your goal in life...
...pulp?
(loud metal sounds)
Emo, close your eyes.
Why? - Now!
Ok.
Good.
What do you see at your left side, Emo?
Nothing. - Really?
No, nothing at all.
And at your right, what do you see at your right side, Emo?
The same Proog, exactly the same...
...nothing! - Great.
(sound of camera flash)
(engine drone)
Listen Proog! Do you hear that! (amusement park music)
Can we go here?
There? It isn't safe, Emo.
But... - Trust me, it's not.
Maybe I could...
No.
NO!
Any further questions, Emo?
No.
Emo?
Emo, why...
Emo...
...why can't you see the beauty of this place?
The way it works.
How perfect it is.
No, Proog, I don't see.
I don't see because there's nothing there.
And why should I trust my life to something that isn't there?
Well can you tell me that? - Emo...
Answer me!
Proog...
...you're a sick man!
Stay away from me!
No! Emo! It's a trap!
Hah, it's a trap.
At the left side you can see the hanging gardens of Babylon!
How's that for a trap?
No, Emo.
At the right side you can see... ...well guess what...
...the colossus of Rhodes!
No!
The colossus of Rhodes and it is here just for you Proog.
It is there...
I'm telling you, Emo...
...it is, it is.
(howling wind)